Put TPrint back due to HP Print Setup Options causing GPF
on 32bit.

8/19/97
Fix Lost Edits after certain errors.
Test distance on 16bit.
Fixed ellipsearc
make front/back clips relative to Eye.
Cache vectors?
Document new functions
Test help on plane Win 3.11

5/8/97

Removed TPrint and TFixEdit back to normal Borland versions.

Double Check REPCOUNT
Do Tutorial TICTACTOE
Add note about \\ in callbacks.
Pause should save repcount?
Repcount should know when it's not valid.
Activearea does not validate arguments.
error codes out of sync with doc's
Should not allow save over old file.
Finish Brians lambda addition.
DIR should return a list
Add warnings to INPORT/OUTPORT

No Dead Code Elimination on WIN32 (Causes No Dialog drawn)
No Global Register Allocation on WIN32 (Causes Demo to fail))
No Out of Line Inline on Dynamic link WIN32 (causes links to fail)
No Word WIN16 or Long WIN32 Align (Causes Replace in Edit to Fail)
No Jump Optimizations on WIN16 (causes turtle wrap to gpf) *

With 4.5:

No Out of Line Inline on Dynamic link WIN32 (causes links to fail)
No Word WIN16 or Long WIN32 Align (Causes Replace in Edit to Fail)
Dead Code Elimination on WIN32 (Causes turtle wrap to gpf)
Jump Optimizations on WIN16 (causes turtle wrap to gpf) *
No Loop Optimization on WIN16 (causes screw up in initing char strings in lgetfocus)

Hello.  I recently picked up a copy of MswLogo and have been trying
it out.  I think you've produced a fine implementation and I compliment
you on the package.  I'm a computing professional myself and am interested
in using Logo for casual development and to teach my kids a little about
programming.  After starting to find my way around, I've run across a
few bugs (mostly in the help documentation) and have a few questions.

Questions:

 - I'm unclear about the assumptions and constraints on callback code.
   It appears that some variables are inaccessible and other normal
   functions are unavailable as well.  Is this described somewhere?

 - Related to above: what is the execution mode of the mouse handler?
   Mouseon appears to run as a separate task.  How can I do "modal" or
   sequential mouse processing, e.g., start up mouseon and wait for an
   event before continuing.  Catch and throw don't seem to work across
   the callback interface.

 - The coordinate scale used by windowcreate and related procedures seems
   to be different from Logo screen coordinates by a factor of two.  Is
   this right?  Also, is there a way to hide a window without deleting it?

Problems:

 - Doing SHOW GETFOCUS caused a general protection fault at 0011:107D.

 - In creating listboxes, when I do a listboxaddstring using a word with
   embedded blanks, and then later invoke listboxgetselect, it returns a
   list of words as if the original string had gone through PARSE.  This
   may be necessary, but it seems like the selected object ought to match
   what I originally submitted.

 - The demo is very nice, but I think it has two small problems: the audio
   is too loud and the questionboxes after each segment quickly obscure what
   was just displayed.

The following are all minor problems with the help documentation.

THESE ARE DONE

 - Examples wrong for "remainder": 6/4 and 6/2.

 - In entry for TEXT, no output shown for line: abc "Hello "Bye.  Same for
   FULLTEXT.  Also, last line of FULLTEXT not in bold.

 - In entry for BURY, one of the intended links appears to be misnamed:
   VARIABLES should be NAMES.

 - The SETFOCUS entry points to itself.  It should read "See also GETFOCUS".

 - The text in the LISTBOXCREATE entry implies that the parent needs to be
   a dialog window, but I think regular "modeless" windows are OK here.

 - In the YIELD BUTTON entry, the first sentence seems to say the negation
   of what you intend about yielding.

 - In entry "Modal vs. Modeless Windows", there are problems with the last
   sentence.  What is the "following"?  How is READLIST a window?  Also,
   previous paragraph has some typos.

As I continue trying out the package, I'll probably run across other things
and I'll be happy to send them along if you find this helpful.  Thanks for
putting out a nice Logo.

Dont likes
----------
 LOGO general
- missing standard controll-structures repeat..until and case

  Did you see DO.WHILE and DO.UNTIL?

- no type-checking by the system

  It does have some, some are broken and some are missing.

- sometimes strange syntx (at least for me)
  Ex: normaly "Name means name of a variable, :name contents of variable
      but for function calls you have to write
         myfunction :var1 :var1
      where you mean then name var1.. and not the contents

      most systems use something like pradicatename(var1,var2..)
      but LOGO writes (PRName var1 var2 ...) fading away the difference
      between the predicatename and the vars in the inputlist

  I'm no Lisp/Logo guru but when you really get deep into the
  language these rules become critical. Like code that builds
  code and passes it as arguments etc. Very powerful.
  Talk to Brian Harvey.

- Ease of use for cryptic abbrevation (confortable at first, but...)
- see whish list

Wishes
---------
- full controll for the "sliders" (read position, set to fixed pos. ...)

  I never thought of adding a read to the scroller of the main window.
  But I have thought of offering absolute settings.

- controll for the command-windwo size, hide command-window

  You can almost do anything (except you cannot pass or return structs)

  to resizemain
  dllload "user.exe
  make "hwnd dllcall [w FindWindow l 0 s [MswLogo Screen]]
  make "status dllcall (list "w "MoveWindow "w :hwnd "w "0 "w "0 "w "100 "w
  "100 "w "1)
  dllfree
  end

  Cool eh?

- set font possibility for the command-window (-> mono-spaced fonts)

  Valid request.

- supplement a list of spec. charcters and their meaning (parenthis, Tilde...)
  to the documentation

  Good Idea

- full controll for the keyboard (cursor-keys usw...)

  Maybe.

- more sophistcate examples in the help-system

  I intentionally kept the samples in the help as short as possible
  to get the point across about the command in question. For more
  complex examples see \logo\examples\...

Errors?
---------
- Using Autostart as described in the manual p.12 leads to a hanging-System
  (Windows egg-timer does not disappear)

  I managed to get the hangs you described. It does not behave well
  if there is a syntax error (bug). Make sure you have a space after the
  -l and use single "\"'s in your path.

  I tested this by setting properties on an Icon.
  And by lauching it from a DOS Window in Win95.

  c:\logo\logo.exe -l c:\logo\junk.lg

  Also see help "startup to get a function to execute after it's
  loaded.

- unespected changing of turtel color when multiturtel are used
- hite turtel sometimes does not work when multiturtel are used
- the system does not remember the work-file name when startet
  with -l worfilename  option (first save switches to save as)

  I have seen a couple glitches here and there too and seems dependent
  on video cards/drivers used. I'll look into it.

